Updates3 (#86)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/synthetic-tokens/explainer.md

To ensure that the rewards for liquidations and disputes are economical (i.e. worth the gas/transaction cost to liquidate or dispute), deployers of this financial contract template can set a minimum sponsor size.
This is the minimum number of tokens that a token sponsor must have created against the contract.
Any action that would reduce a token sponsor's position to below this threshold is disallowed and will revert.
This includes partial liquidations that leave the sponsor's position smaller than the minimum size, token redemptions that bring the position below the minimum size, and new position creations that request to mint fewer than the minimum number of tokens.

## Launching a Priceless Synthetic Token

To launch a new type of synthetic token for which an existing market does not yet exist, the synthetic token’s smart contract needs to be be parameterized and deployed.

> By using UMA's priceless synthetic token contract template, developers ca easily deploy a new synthetic asset by defining a few key parameters. Some parameters to highlight are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using UMA's priceless synthetic token contract template, developers can easily deploy a new synthetic asset by defining a few key parameters. Some parameters to highlight are:
```

- Token’s [price identifier](synthetic-tokens/glossary.md#price-identifier) (the price feed this token should track)
- Token expiration timestamp
- Token [collateralization requirement](synthetic-tokens/glossary.md#collateralization-requirement) (e.g. a synthetic token must have collateral worth at least 120% of the price indentifier’s current value)

This [tutorial](/build-walkthrough/mint-locally) will show you how to parameterize and deploy the smart contract for a new synthetic token from the command line.

> ### UMA's Expiring MultiParty (EMP) template 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### UMA's ExpiringMultiParty (EMP) Contract Template 
```

One can write priceless financial contract templates to create various kinds of financial products.

> As a first template, the UMA team has written one to create expiring synthetic tokens, called the Expiring MultiParty (EMP). This is only the first example of a synthetic token implementation, and is by no means restrictive on the types of synthetic tokens that could be built on UMA's infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a first contract template, the UMA team has written one to create expiring synthetic tokens, called the ExpiringMultiParty (EMP) contract. This is only the first example of a synthetic token implementation, and is by no means restrictive on the types of synthetic tokens that could be built on UMA's infrastructure.
```

These are ERC-20 tokens whose required backing collateral is determined by the value of a price identifier.

> There is no on-chain price feed for the values of the price identifier; rather, tokenholders and token sponsors should monitor the value of this price identifier off-chain to inform their decisions about how much collateral to maintain on-chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no on-chain price feed for the values of the price identifier; token sponsors, liquidators and disputers monitor the value of this price identifier off-chain to determine how much backing collateral needs to be maintained.
```

If token sponsors are improperly collateralized, liquidators can liquidate token sponsors’ positions.

> Improper liquidations can be disputed by disputers. Details on these mechanisms are available [here](synthetic-tokens/explainer.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disputers then verify these liquidations, and ultimately will send a price dispute to the UMA DVM if there is a disagreement on a token sponsor's under-collateralization status. Details on these mechanisms are available [here](synthetic-tokens/explainer.md).
```
